TronWatch provides the Software solely on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and on the condition that You accept and comply with them. By using the Software You (a) accept this Agreement and agree that You are legally bound by its terms; and (b) represent and warrant that: (i) You are of legal age to enter into a binding agreement; and (ii) if You are a corporation, governmental organization or other legal entity, You have the right, power and authority to enter into this Agreement on behalf of the corporation, governmental organization or other legal entity and bind them to these terms.

This Software functions as a free, open source. The Software does not constitute an account where We or other third parties serve as financial intermediaries or custodians of Your cryptocurrencies(s).

While the Software has undergone beta testing and continues to be improved by feedback from the open-source user and developer community, We cannot guarantee there will not be bugs in the Software. You acknowledge that Your use of this Software is at Your own discretion and in compliance with all applicable laws. You are responsible for safekeeping Your passwords, private key, twenty-four-Seed Words, and any other codes You use to access the Software.

IF YOU LOSE ACCESS TO YOUR WALLET OR YOUR ENCRYPTED PRIVATE KEYS AND YOU HAVE NOT SEPARATELY STORED A BACKUP OF YOUR WALLET AND CORRESPONDING PASSWORD, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT ANY CRYPTOCURRENCY YOU HAVE ASSOCIATED WITH THAT WALLET WILL BECOME INACCESSIBLE. All transaction requests are irreversible. The authors of the Software, employees of TronWatch,  cannot retrieve Your private keys or passwords if You lose or forget them and cannot guarantee transaction confirmation as they do not have control over the network.


Disclaimer
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OF THE SOFTWARE, EMPLOYEES AND AFFILIATES OF TRONWATCH. BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
IN NO EVENT WILL TRONWATCH OR ITS AFFILIATES, OR ANY OF ITS OR THEIR RESPECTIVE SERVICE PROVIDERS, BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY USE, INTERRUPTION, DELAY OR INABILITY TO USE THE SOFTWARE, LOST REVENUES OR PROFITS, DELAYS, INTERRUPTION OR LOSS OF SERVICES, BUSINESS OR GOODWILL, LOSS OR CORRUPTION OF DATA, LOSS RESULTING FROM SYSTEM OR SYSTEM SERVICE FAILURE, MALFUNCTION OR SHUTDOWN, FAILURE TO ACCURATELY TRANSFER, READ OR TRANSMIT INFORMATION, FAILURE TO UPDATE OR PROVIDE CORRECT INFORMATION, SYSTEM INCOMPATIBILITY OR PROVISION OF INCORRECT COMPATIBILITY INFORMATION OR BREACHES IN SYSTEM SECURITY, OR FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, EXEMPLARY, SPECIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, WHETHER ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT, BREACH OF CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE) OR OTHERWISE, REGARDLESS OF WHETHER SUCH DAMAGES WERE FORESEEABLE AND WHETHER OR NOT WE WERE ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
